Improve horizon ingestion docs (#451)
stellar/new-docs: content/docs/run-api-server/ingestion.mdx

### Prerequisites
Before we begin, we make some environment assumptions:

  1. An instance with 32 CPU cores, 64 GB of RAM and at least 200 GB of disk capacity from which to run Horizon (for example AWS `m5.8xlarge`). This is needed to fit 20 Horizon parallel workers (each with their own Captive Core instance). Each Core instance can take up to 3GB of RAM and a full CPU core (more on why 20 workers below). If the number of workers is increased, you may need a larger machine.

  2. [Horizon](./installing.mdx) version 1.6.0 or newer (ideally, 2.x) installed on the machine from (1).

  3. [Core](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-core) version 17 or newer  installed on the machine from (1), given the network is on Protocol 17.

>   4. A Horizon database where to reingest the history. Preferably, the database should have at least 32 CPUs, 256 GB of RAM and at least 15K IOPS (forexample AWS RDS `r5.8xlarge`) and should be empty to minimize storage (Postgres accumulates data during usage, which is only deleted when `VACUUM`ed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. A Horizon database where to reingest the history. Preferably, the database should have at least 32 CPUs, 256 GB of RAM and at least 15K IOPS (for example AWS RDS `r5.8xlarge`) and should be empty to minimize storage (Postgres accumulates data during usage, which is only deleted when `VACUUM`ed).
```

This is due to first 17 million ledgers being almost empty whilst the rest are much more packed. Having a single Horizon instance with enough workers to saturate the IO capacity of the machine for the first 17 million would kill the machine when reingesting the rest (during which there is a higher CPU and memory consumption per worker).

> 64 workers for (1) and 20 workers for (2) saturates instance with 64GB or RAM and 15K IOPS. Again, as the DB storage grows, a larger number of workers and faster storage should be considered.

Reviewer: nit: typo here
```suggestion
64 workers for (1) and 20 workers for (2) saturates instance with 64GB of RAM and 15K IOPS. Again, as the DB storage grows, a larger number of workers and faster storage should be considered.
```

If Horizon was previously running, first ensure it is stopped. Then, run the following commands in parallel:

1. `stellar-horizon db reingest range --parallel-workers=64 1 16999999`
2. `stellar-horizon db reingest range --parallel-workers=20 17000000 <latest_ledger>`

(Where you can find `<latest_ledger>` under [SDF Horizon's](https://horizon.stellar.org/) `core_latest_ledger` field.)

> When saturating a database instance with 15K IOPS capacity:

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's bad to be specific about RDS since (AFAIU) the IOPS metrics are amazon specific?

Author: I changed another place where we mention IOPS to be cloud provider agnostic too, other than that the metric should be available in most cloud providers (or even on bare metal)

Reviewer 2: Ah, I didn't know the term is applicable to every cloud provider in the same way. OK

(1) should take a few hours to complete.

> (2) should take about 3 days to complete.

Reviewer: This is an unfortunate change :disappointed:

Author: Yes definitely! We have significantly more ledgers now and the network had been very busy in recent months which I'm sure contributed to this as well.
